He pulled the robes over his head and threw them onto the floor at Madam
Malkin’s feet.
“You’re right, Draco,” said Narcissa, with a contemptuous glance at
Hermione, “now I know the kind of scum that shops here. . . . We’ll do better
at Twilfitt and Tatting’s.”
And with that, the pair of them strode out of the shop, Malfoy taking care
to bang as hard as he could into Ron on the way out.
“Well, really!” said Madam Malkin, snatching up the fallen robes and
moving the tip of her wand over them like a vacuum cleaner, so that it
removed all the dust.
She was distracted all through the fitting of Ron’s and Harry’s new robes,
tried to sell Hermione wizard’s dress robes instead of witch’s, and when she
finally bowed them out of the shop it was with an air of being glad to see the
back of them.
“Got ev’rything?” asked Hagrid brightly when they reappeared at his side.
“Just about,” said Harry. “Did you see the Malfoys?”
“Yeah,” said Hagrid, unconcerned. “Bu’ they wouldn’ dare make trouble in
the middle o’ Diagon Alley, Harry. Don’ worry abou’ them.”
Harry, Ron, and Hermione exchanged looks, but before they could disabuse
Hagrid of this comfortable notion, Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and Ginny appeared,
all clutching heavy packages of books.
“Everyone all right?” said Mrs. Weasley. “Got your robes? Right then, we
can pop in at the Apothecary and Eeylops on the way to Fred and George’s —
stick close, now. . . .”
Neither Harry nor Ron bought any ingredients at the Apothecary, seeing
that they were no longer studying Potions, but both bought large boxes of owl
nuts for Hedwig and Pigwidgeon at Eeylops Owl Emporium. Then, with Mrs.
Weasley checking her watch every minute or so, they headed farther along the
street in search of Weasleys’ Wizard Wheezes, the joke shop run by Fred and
George.

“We really haven’t got too long,” Mrs. Weasley said. “So we’ll just have a
quick look around and then back to the car. We must be close, that’s number
ninety-two . . . ninety-four . . .”
“Whoa,” said Ron, stopping in his tracks.
Set against the dull, poster-muffled shop fronts around them, Fred and
George’s windows hit the eye like a firework display. Casual passersby were
looking back over their shoulders at the windows, and a few rather stunnedlooking people had actually come to a halt, transfixed. The left-hand window
was dazzlingly full of an assortment of goods that revolved, popped, flashed,
bounced, and shrieked; Harry’s eyes began to water just looking at it. The
right-hand window was covered with a gigantic poster, purple like those of
the Ministry, but emblazoned with flashing yellow letters:
WHY ARE YOU WORRYING ABOUT YOU-KNOW-WHO?
YOU SHOULD BE WORRYING ABOUT U-NO-POO —
THE CONSTIPATION SENSATION THAT’S GRIPPING THE
NATION!
Harry started to laugh. He heard a weak sort of moan beside him and
looked around to see Mrs. Weasley gazing, dumbfounded, at the poster. Her
lips moved silently, mouthing the name “U-No-Poo.”
“They’ll be murdered in their beds!” she whispered.
“No they won’t!” said Ron, who, like Harry, was laughing. “This is
brilliant!”
And he and Harry led the way into the shop. It was packed with customers;
Harry could not get near the shelves. He stared around, looking up at the
boxes piled to the ceiling: Here were the Skiving Snackboxes that the twins
had perfected during their last, unfinished year at Hogwarts; Harry noticed
that the Nosebleed Nougat was most popular, with only one battered box left
on the shelf. There were bins full of trick wands, the cheapest merely turning
into rubber chickens or pairs of briefs when waved, the most expensive
beating the unwary user around the head and neck, and boxes of quills, which
came in Self-Inking, Spell-Checking, and Smart-Answer varieties. A space

cleared in the crowd, and Harry pushed his way toward the counter, where a
gaggle of delighted ten-year-olds was watching a tiny little wooden man
slowly ascending the steps to a real set of gallows, both perched on a box that
read: REUSABLE HANGMAN — SPELL IT OR HE’LL SWING!
“‘Patented Daydream Charms . . .’”
Hermione had managed to squeeze through to a large display near the
counter and was reading the information on the back of a box bearing a highly
colored picture of a handsome youth and a swooning girl who were standing
on the deck of a pirate ship.
“‘One simple incantation and you will enter a top-quality, highly realistic,
thirty-minute daydream, easy to fit into the average school lesson and
virtually undetectable (side effects include vacant expression and minor
drooling). Not for sale to under-sixteens.’ You know,” said Hermione, looking
up at Harry, “that really is extraordinary magic!”
“For that, Hermione,” said a voice behind them, “you can have one for
free.”
A beaming Fred stood before them, wearing a set of magenta robes that
clashed magnificently with his flaming hair.
“How are you, Harry?” They shook hands. “And what’s happened to your
eye, Hermione?”
“Your punching telescope,” she said ruefully.
“Oh blimey, I forgot about those,” said Fred. “Here —”
He pulled a tub out of his pocket and handed it to her; she unscrewed it
gingerly to reveal a thick yellow paste.
“Just dab it on, that bruise’ll be gone within the hour,” said Fred. “We had
to find a decent bruise remover. We’re testing most of our products on
ourselves.”
Hermione looked nervous. “It is safe, isn’t it?” she asked.
“’Course it is,” said Fred bracingly. “Come on, Harry, I’ll give you a tour.”

Harry left Hermione dabbing her black eye with paste and followed Fred
toward the back of the shop, where he saw a stand of card and rope tricks.
“Muggle magic tricks!” said Fred happily, pointing them out. “For freaks
like Dad, you know, who love Muggle stuff. It’s not a big earner, but we do
fairly steady business, they’re great novelties. . . . Oh, here’s George. . . .”
Fred’s twin shook Harry’s hand energetically.
“Giving him the tour? Come through the back, Harry, that’s where we’re
making the real money — pocket anything, you, and you’ll pay in more than
Galleons!” he added warningly to a small boy who hastily whipped his hand
out of the tub labeled EDIBLE DARK MARKS — THEY’LL MAKE ANYONE SICK!
George pushed back a curtain beside the Muggle tricks and Harry saw a
darker, less crowded room. The packaging on the products lining these
shelves was more subdued.
“We’ve just developed this more serious line,” said Fred. “Funny how it
happened . . .”
“You wouldn’t believe how many people, even people who work at the
Ministry, can’t do a decent Shield Charm,” said George. “’Course, they didn’t
have you teaching them, Harry.”
“That’s right. . . . Well, we thought Shield Hats were a bit of a laugh, you
know, challenge your mate to jinx you while wearing it and watch his face
when the jinx just bounces off. But the Ministry bought five hundred for all
its support staff! And we’re still getting massive orders!”
“So we’ve expanded into a range of Shield Cloaks, Shield Gloves . . .”
“. . . I mean, they wouldn’t help much against the Unforgivable Curses, but
for minor to moderate hexes or jinxes . . .”
“And then we thought we’d get into the whole area of Defense Against the
Dark Arts, because it’s such a money spinner,” continued George
enthusiastically. “This is cool. Look, Instant Darkness Powder, we’re
importing it from Peru. Handy if you want to make a quick escape.”
“And our Decoy Detonators are just walking off the shelves, look,” said

Fred, pointing at a number of weird-looking black horn-type objects that were
indeed attempting to scurry out of sight. “You just drop one surreptitiously
and it’ll run off and make a nice loud noise out of sight, giving you a
diversion if you need one.”
“Handy,” said Harry, impressed.
“Here,” said George, catching a couple and throwing them to Harry.
A young witch with short blonde hair poked her head around the curtain;
Harry saw that she too was wearing magenta staff robes.
“There’s a customer out here looking for a joke cauldron, Mr. Weasley and
Mr. Weasley,” she said.
Harry found it very odd to hear Fred and George called “Mr. Weasley,” but
they took it in their stride.
“Right you are, Verity, I’m coming,” said George promptly. “Harry, you
help yourself to anything you want, all right? No charge.”
“I can’t do that!” said Harry, who had already pulled out his money bag to
pay for the Decoy Detonators.
“You don’t pay here,” said Fred firmly, waving away Harry’s gold.
“But —”
“You gave us our start-up loan, we haven’t forgotten,” said George sternly.
“Take whatever you like, and just remember to tell people where you got it, if
they ask.”
George swept off through the curtain to help with the customers, and Fred
led Harry back into the main part of the shop to find Hermione and Ginny still
poring over the Patented Daydream Charms.
“Haven’t you girls found our special WonderWitch products yet?” asked
Fred. “Follow me, ladies. . . .”
Near the window was an array of violently pink products around which a
cluster of excited girls was giggling enthusiastically. Hermione and Ginny
both hung back, looking wary.

“There you go,” said Fred proudly. “Best range of love potions you’ll find
anywhere.”
Ginny raised an eyebrow skeptically. “Do they work?” she asked.
“Certainly they work, for up to twenty-four hours at a time depending on
the weight of the boy in question —”
“— and the attractiveness of the girl,” said George, reappearing suddenly at
their side. “But we’re not selling them to our sister,” he added, becoming
suddenly stern, “not when she’s already got about five boys on the go from
what we’ve —”
“Whatever you’ve heard from Ron is a big fat lie,” said Ginny calmly,
leaning forward to take a small pink pot off the shelf. “What’s this?”
“Guaranteed ten-second pimple vanisher,” said Fred. “Excellent on
everything from boils to blackheads, but don’t change the subject. Are you or
are you not currently going out with a boy called Dean Thomas?”
“Yes, I am,” said Ginny. “And last time I looked, he was definitely one boy,
not five. What are those?”
She was pointing at a number of round balls of fluff in shades of pink and
purple, all rolling around the bottom of a cage and emitting high-pitched
squeaks.
“Pygmy Puffs,” said George. “Miniature puffskeins, we can’t breed them
fast enough. So what about Michael Corner?”
“I dumped him, he was a bad loser,” said Ginny, putting a finger through
the bars of the cage and watching the Pygmy Puffs crowd around it. “They’re
really cute!”
“They’re fairly cuddly, yes,” conceded Fred. “But you’re moving through
boyfriends a bit fast, aren’t you?”
Ginny turned to look at him, her hands on her hips. There was such a Mrs.
Weasley-ish glare on her face that Harry was surprised Fred didn’t recoil.
“It’s none of your business. And I’ll thank you,” she added angrily to Ron,
who had just appeared at George’s elbow, laden with merchandise, “not to tell

tales about me to these two!”
“That’s three Galleons, nine Sickles, and a Knut,” said Fred, examining the
many boxes in Ron’s arms. “Cough up.”
“I’m your brother!”
“And that’s our stuff you’re nicking. Three Galleons, nine Sickles. I’ll
knock off the Knut.”
“But I haven’t got three Galleons, nine Sickles!”
“You’d better put it back then, and mind you put it on the right shelves.”
Ron dropped several boxes, swore, and made a rude hand gesture at Fred
that was unfortunately spotted by Mrs. Weasley, who had chosen that moment
to appear.
“If I see you do that again I’ll jinx your fingers together,” she said sharply.
“Mum, can I have a Pygmy Puff?” said Ginny at once.
“A what?” said Mrs. Weasley warily.
“Look, they’re so sweet. . . .”
Mrs. Weasley moved aside to look at the Pygmy Puffs, and Harry, Ron, and
Hermione momentarily had an unimpeded view out of the window. Draco
Malfoy was hurrying up the street alone. As he passed Weasleys’ Wizard
Wheezes, he glanced over his shoulder. Seconds later, he moved beyond the
scope of the window and they lost sight of him.
“Wonder where his mummy is?” said Harry, frowning.
“Given her the slip by the looks of it,” said Ron.
“Why, though?” said Hermione.
Harry said nothing; he was thinking too hard. Narcissa Malfoy would not
have let her precious son out of her sight willingly; Malfoy must have made a
real effort to free himself from her clutches. Harry, knowing and loathing
Malfoy, was sure the reason could not be innocent.
He glanced around. Mrs. Weasley and Ginny were bending over the Pygmy

Puffs. Mr. Weasley was delightedly examining a pack of Muggle marked
playing cards. Fred and George were both helping customers. On the other
side of the glass, Hagrid was standing with his back to them, looking up and
down the street.
“Get under here, quick,” said Harry, pulling his Invisibility Cloak out of his
bag.
“Oh — I don’t know, Harry,” said Hermione, looking uncertainly toward
Mrs. Weasley.
“Come on!” said Ron.
She hesitated for a second longer, then ducked under the Cloak with Harry
and Ron. Nobody noticed them vanish; they were all too interested in Fred
and George’s products. Harry, Ron, and Hermione squeezed their way out of
the door as quickly as they could, but by the time they gained the street,
Malfoy had disappeared just as successfully as they had.
“He was going in that direction,” murmured Harry as quietly as possible, so
that the humming Hagrid would not hear them. “C’mon.”
They scurried along, peering left and right, through shop windows and
doors, until Hermione pointed ahead.
“That’s him, isn’t it?” she whispered. “Turning left?”
“Big surprise,” whispered Ron.
For Malfoy had glanced around, then slid into Knockturn Alley and out of
sight.
“Quick, or we’ll lose him,” said Harry, speeding up.
“Our feet’ll be seen!” said Hermione anxiously, as the Cloak flapped a little
around their ankles; it was much more difficult hiding all three of them under
the Cloak nowadays.
“It doesn’t matter,” said Harry impatiently. “Just hurry!”
But Knockturn Alley, the side street devoted to the Dark Arts, looked
completely deserted. They peered into windows as they passed, but none of
the shops seemed to have any customers at all. Harry supposed it was a bit of

a giveaway in these dangerous and suspicious times to buy Dark artifacts —
or at least, to be seen buying them.
Hermione gave his arm a hard pinch.
“Ouch!”
“Shh! Look! He’s in there!” she breathed in Harry’s ear.
They had drawn level with the only shop in Knockturn Alley that Harry
had ever visited, Borgin and Burkes, which sold a wide variety of sinister
objects. There in the midst of the cases full of skulls and old bottles stood
Draco Malfoy with his back to them, just visible beyond the very same large
black cabinet in which Harry had once hidden to avoid Malfoy and his father.
Judging by the movements of Malfoy’s hands, he was talking animatedly. The
proprietor of the shop, Mr. Borgin, an oily-haired, stooping man, stood facing
Malfoy. He was wearing a curious expression of mingled resentment and fear.
“If only we could hear what they’re saying!” said Hermione.
“We can!” said Ron excitedly. “Hang on — damn —”
He dropped a couple more of the boxes he was still clutching as he fumbled
with the largest.
“Extendable Ears, look!”
“Fantastic!” said Hermione, as Ron unraveled the long, flesh-colored
strings and began to feed them toward the bottom of the door. “Oh, I hope the
door isn’t Imperturbable —”
“No!” said Ron gleefully. “Listen!”
They put their heads together and listened intently to the ends of the
strings, through which Malfoy’s voice could be heard loud and clear, as
though a radio had been turned on.
“. . . you know how to fix it?”
“Possibly,” said Borgin, in a tone that suggested he was unwilling to
commit himself. “I’ll need to see it, though. Why don’t you bring it into the
shop?”

“I can’t,” said Malfoy. “It’s got to stay put. I just need you to tell me how to
do it.”
Harry saw Borgin lick his lips nervously.
“Well, without seeing it, I must say it will be a very difficult job, perhaps
impossible. I couldn’t guarantee anything.”
“No?” said Malfoy, and Harry knew, just by his tone, that Malfoy was
sneering. “Perhaps this will make you more confident.”
He moved toward Borgin and was blocked from view by the cabinet. Harry,
Ron, and Hermione shuffled sideways to try and keep him in sight, but all
they could see was Borgin, looking very frightened.
“Tell anyone,” said Malfoy, “and there will be retribution. You know Fenrir
Greyback? He’s a family friend. He’ll be dropping in from time to time to
make sure you’re giving the problem your full attention.”
“There will be no need for —”
“I’ll decide that,” said Malfoy. “Well, I’d better be off. And don’t forget to
keep that one safe, I’ll need it.”
“Perhaps you’d like to take it now?”
“No, of course I wouldn’t, you stupid little man, how would I look carrying
that down the street? Just don’t sell it.”
“Of course not . . . sir.”
Borgin made a bow as deep as the one Harry had once seen him give
Lucius Malfoy.
“Not a word to anyone, Borgin, and that includes my mother, understand?”
“Naturally, naturally,” murmured Borgin, bowing again.
Next moment, the bell over the door tinkled loudly as Malfoy stalked out of
the shop looking very pleased with himself. He passed so close to Harry, Ron,
and Hermione that they felt the Cloak flutter around their knees again. Inside
the shop, Borgin remained frozen; his unctuous smile had vanished; he looked
worried.

